this is going to be a very quick and
simple to prepare a dish because you're
going to put everything in this one pan
and bacon and it's a spinach spinach
frittata I'm so I'm starting with a
small round like cake pan and this less
circumference or diameter that thicker
your actual wedge will be and maybe the
longer will have to cook so the spinach
frittata is meant to take the place of
say quiche it's going to have a lot less
calories but it would be something that
you would serve for lunch and I would
recommend serving this we're inviting
for when it's done then each piece will
have 70 calories and I advise you
recommend that you serve it with a salad
a tossed salad which doesn't have any
protein added this is your protein so
lettuce tomatoes mushrooms red onions
other vegetables carrots not cheese nah
croutons not AIDS not more meat to a
just society out and then maybe some
berries strawberries blueberries that
would be an awesome lunch to serve even
it had gas and beautiful so that being
said I've already done some of the prep
work i'm going to i have heat he to the
oven to 350
I'm spraying this PM nonfat out butter
flavored spray want to make sure i get
the size and I want to eat sick on the
bottom i'm putting in about a quarter or
an eighth of a diced onion and a quarter
of a yellow pepper and i cut them up
small i want to spread them out evenly
in this pan actually I didn't spread
them out evenly so I'm just going to
adjust it with my hands and then the a
goes in next I mean I wanted to use just
this regular better than eggs but the
store didn't have anymore so I had to
give the egg whites I don't normally by
the egg white and I've mentioned before
that i buy these products because I
can't eat a dozen eggs I want to tell
you something though the equivalent of
this cup and a half of a beater so to
speak wouldn't be two and a half eggs
now if I had broke two and a half eggs
into this glass it would probably come
to here so
there's a lot less calories because
there's less fat I guess less
cholesterol in this product so I'm using
yellow pepper and you can put anything
there any vegetables red peppers you can
put our mushrooms or going to be like so
pouring the egg in here and now I'm
going to spread out the spinach and this
was just frozen spinach a cup puppet
want to be mindful of where I'm placing
it too it will be easily distributed and
I'm going to start off baking it for 15
minutes and take a look obviously you
want to cook it until the egg is set so
that's when you watch for my spices are
basil
shanks mare and powdered garlic in
retrospect I were you I would put the
basil and the powder garlic in after you
put the vegetables before you put the
egg I think because it's sitting on top
now that's okay now i have a quarter cup
of fat-free craft shredded mozzarella
also want to get that
like I said whole thing will have about
70 calories each when we divide it in
for so about 280 calories for the whole
280 calories for this whole thing isn't
that what someone does lean cuisine
meals are 280 calories matching that ok
so that's it not a lot of hard work for
this one you're going to bake it like I
said for 15 minutes and then check on it
and I will let you know how many minutes
i ended up cooking it and show you the
finished product
until then
okay I cooked it for a little bit over
30 minutes or around 30 minutes at 350 I
was looking beautiful I was a little bit
concerned about the very center not
being done enough so I left it in a
little bit longer I think it looks
identity walking in can you see it
you're going to let it cool and then I
will cut it like i said in 24 and be
like a large piece of quiche and then
you know just use a spatula to take out
the pieces and I'm like I said serving
this with a fresh side salad and some
strawberries blueberries fantastic and
free when you do it put the spices in
before the eggs so yay Anthony's with my
frittata